# ambika-kabra-project3
Twitter clone as final project for web development course

## Project description
The goal of this project is to create an online social media app like Twitter or Facebook that features users status updates.  Your social media app is a website where users can login or register new accounts, make social media posts, create posts, and update/delete those posts.  For the purpose of this assignment an status update is a small amount of text generated by a user (you can choose to limit the length of these status updates if you want).  A status update should be composed of at least a username, timestamp and the text content.


## How to run locally through VS code
First, run backend of this app, open new terminal in VS code.
1. Navigate to backend folder, ```cd backend```
2. run ``` npm install ``` command
3. run ``` npm run dev ``` command

Now, run frontend of this app, open another new terminal in VS code.
1. Navigate to frontend folder, ```cd frontend```
2. run ``` npm install ``` command
3. run ``` npm run dev ``` command

## Live URL for app
https://ambika-kabra-project3.onrender.com

## Existing users and their details
1. username: ambika, Password: Ambika@134
2. username: Seattle, password: Seattle@123
3. username: Hazel, password: Hazel@123
4. username: Barry, password: Barry@123

## Writeup
- What were some challenges you faced while making this app?
  - I faced a major challenge while calling api from frontend. Sometimes, api relative paths were provided incorrectly which started through errors and were difficult to debug.
  - I faced changes while updating post details in mongodb as update function required pattern and UI needed to be updated at the same time.
- Given more time, what additional features, functional or design changes would you make?
  - Like, share, favorite, comments for each tweet
  - Followers and following feature along with notifications
- What assumptions did you make while working on this assignment? 
  - Username will be unique for each account.
  - Users will tweet in text only.
- How long did this assignment take to complete?
  - Approx. 4 days
- Bonus implementation 
  - Early submission
  - Password encryption
